Accelerated Convolutions for Power Series Multiplication in PHCv2.4.82.

The code in this folder concerns the product of two power series,
truncated to the same degree.

Input: d, degree of the series;
       x, array of range 0..d with coefficients of the first series;
       y, array of range 0..d with coefficients of the second series.

Output: z = x*y, array of range 0..d with coefficients of the product
        of x with y.
      
Algorithm: 1.  z(0) := x(0)*y(0)
           2.  for k in 1..d do
           2.1     z(k) := x(0)*y(k)
           2.2     for i in 1..k do
           2.2.1       z(k) := z(k) + x(i)*y(k-i)

The above algorithm is implemented for several multiple double precisions.

The data parallel version of the algorithm, with d+1 threads in a block,
reduces to two statements:

   1.   z(k) := x(0)*y(k)
   2.   for i in 1..k do
   2.1      z(k) := z(k) + x(i)*y(k-i)

where thread k computes z(k).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
file name                  : short description
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
random_series              : generates series in double precision
random2_series             : generates series in double double precision
random3_series             : generates series in triple double precision
random4_series             : generates series in quad double precision
random5_series             : generates series in penta double precision
random8_series             : generates series in octo double precision
random10_series            : generates series in deca double precision
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
dbl_convolutions_host      : convolutions of double vectors on host
dbl_convolutions_kernels   : convolutions of double vectors on device
dbl_convolutions_testers   : test convolutions in double precision
test_dbl_convolutions      : main test on double convolutions 
dbl2_convolutions_host     : convolutions of double double vectors on host
dbl2_convolutions_kernels  : convolutions of double double vectors on device
dbl2_convolutions_testers  : test convolutions in double double precision
test_dbl2_convolutions     : main test on double double convolutions
dbl3_convolutions_host     : convolutions of triple double vectors on host
dbl3_convolutions_kernels  : convolutions of triple double vectors on device
dbl3_convolutions_testers  : test convolutions in triple double precision
test_dbl3_convolutions     : main test on triple double convolutions
dbl4_convolutions_host     : convolutions of quad double vectors on host
dbl4_convolutions_kernels  : convolutions of quad double vectors on device
dbl4_convolutions_testers  : test convolutions in quad precision
test_dbl4_convolutions     : main test on quad double convolutions
dbl5_convolutions_host     : convolutions of penta double vectors on host
dbl5_convolutions_kernels  : convolutions of penta double vectors on device
dbl5_convolutions_testers  : test convolutions in penta double precision
test_dbl5_convolutions     : main test on penta double convolutions
dbl8_convolutions_host     : convolutions of octo double vectors on host
dbl8_convolutions_kernels  : convolutions of octo double vectors on device
dbl8_convolutions_testers  : test convolutions in octo double precision
test_dbl8_convolutions     : main test on octo double convolutions
dbl10_convolutions_host    : convolutions of deca double vectors on host
dbl10_convolutions_kernels : convolutions of deca double vectors on device
dbl10_convolutions_testers : test convolutions in deca double precision
test_dbl10_convolutions    : main test on deca double convolutions
convolutions_kernels       : includes all cuda convolutions code
test_convolutions          : tests convolutions in all precisions
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
random_monomials           : setup test data in double precision
random2_monomials          : setup test data in double double precision
random3_monomials          : setup test data in triple double precision
random4_monomials          : setup test data in quad double precision
random5_monomials          : setup test data in penta double precision
random8_monomials          : setup test data in octo double precision
random10_monomials         : setup test data in deca double precision
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
dbl_monomials_host         : evaldiff of double monomials on host
dbl_monomials_kernels      : evaldiff of double monomials on device
test_dbl_monomials         : test eval/diff of monomials with doubles
dbl2_monomials_host        : evaldiff of double double monomials on host
dbl2_monomials_kernels     : evaldiff of double double monomials on device
test_dbl2_monomials        : test eval/diff of monomials with double doubles
dbl3_monomials_host        : evaldiff of triple double monomials on host
dbl3_monomials_kernels     : evaldiff of triple double monomials on device
test_dbl3_monomials        : test eval/diff of monomials with triple doubles
dbl4_monomials_host        : evaldiff of quad double monomials on host
dbl4_monomials_kernels     : evaldiff of quad double monomials on device
test_dbl4_monomials        : test eval/diff of monomials with quad doubles
dbl5_monomials_host        : evaldiff of penta double monomials on host
dbl5_monomials_kernels     : evaldiff of penta double monomials on device
test_dbl5_monomials        : test eval/diff of monomials with penta doubles
dbl8_monomials_host        : evaldiff of octo double monomials on host
dbl8_monomials_device      : evaldiff of octo double monomials on device
test_dbl8_monomials        : test eval/diff of monomials with octo doubles
dbl10_monomials_host       : evaldiff of deca double monomials on host
dbl10_monomials_kernels    : evaldiff of deca double monomials on device
test_dbl10_monomials       : test eval/diff of monomials with deca doubles
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
