Truncated power series with complex coefficients for PHCv2.4.60

Similar to Taylor series approximations for general functions,
we can approximate roots of polynomials in a parameter by series.

The library is divided in three parts:
(1) the basic arithmetic with truncated power series
(2) vectors, matrices, and linear solving
(3) polynomials with coefficients as truncated power series

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
file name                        : short description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
standard_truncated_series        : defines basic operations on power series
ts_pstrunc                       : tests proof-of-concept power series
binomial_coefficients            : export binomial() function
ts_bincff                        : test on binomial coefficients
standard_dense_series2           : dense power series, standard coefficients
standard_dense_series2_io        : basic input/output of standard series
standard_algebraic_series2       : sqrt and n-th root of standard series
standard_dense_series_norms      : norms and normalizations of standard series
ts_series2                       : test on 2nd design of series
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
standard_dense_series            : dense power series, standard coefficients
dobldobl_dense_series            : dense series in double double precision
quaddobl_dense_series            : dense series in quad double precision
standard_dense_series_io         : basic output of standard series
dobldobl_dense_series_io         : basic output of dobldobl series
quaddobl_dense_series_io         : basic output of quaddobl series
standard_random_series           : series with standard random coefficients
dobldobl_random_series           : series with dobldobl random coefficients
quaddobl_random_series           : series with quaddobl random coefficients
standard_algebraic_series        : sqrt and n-th root of standard series
dobldobl_algebraic_series        : sqrt and n-th root of dobldobl series
quaddobl_algebraic_series        : sqrt and n-th root of quaddobl series
standard_dense_series_norms      : norms and normalizations of standard series
dobldobl_dense_series_norms      : norms and normalizations of dobldobl series
quaddobl_dense_series_norms      : norms and normalizations of quaddobl series
standard_dense_series_ring       : the ring of standard power series
standard_dense_series_ring_io    : i/o operations for ring elements
dobldobl_dense_series_ring       : the ring of double double power series
dobldobl_dense_series_ring_io    : i/o operations for ring elements
quaddobl_dense_series_ring       : the ring of quad double power series
quaddobl_dense_series_ring_io    : i/o operations for ring elements
ts_series                        : basic test on truncated dense series
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
standard_dense_series_vectors    : vectors of double power series
standard_dense_series_vectors_io : i/o for double power series vectors
standard_dense_vector_series     : series with double vectors coefficients
standard_dense_vector_series_io  : output for double vector series
dobldobl_dense_series_vectors    : vectors of double double power series
dobldobl_dense_series_vectors_io : i/o for double double power series vectors
dobldobl_dense_vector_series     : series with double double vector coeffs
dobldobl_dense_vector_series_io  : output for double double vector series
quaddobl_dense_series_vectors    : vectors of quad double power series
quaddobl_dense_series_vectors_io : i/o for quad double power series vectors
quaddobl_dense_vector_series     : series with quad double vector coefficients
quaddobl_dense_vector_series_io  : output for quad double vector series
standard_dense_series_vecvecs    : vectors of vectors of standard power series
dobldobl_dense_series_vecvecs    : vectors of vectors of dobldobl power series
quaddobl_dense_series_vecvecs    : vectors of vectors of quaddobl power series
standard_series_vector_norms     : standard double inner products and norms
dobldobl_series_vector_norms     : double double inner products and norms
quaddobl_series_vector_norms     : quad double inner products and norms
standard_series_vector_functions : evaluating vectors of standard power series
dobldobl_series_vector_functions : evaluating vectors of dobldobl power series
quaddobl_series_vector_functions : evaluating vectors of quaddobl power series
ts_servec                        : test on vectors of dense power series
standard_dense_series_matrices   : matrices of standard double power series
standard_dense_matrix_series     : series with double matrices as coefficients
standard_dense_matrix_series_io  : basic output for double matrix series
dobldobl_dense_series_matrices   : matrices of double double power series
dobldobl_dense_matrix_series     : series with dobldobl matrices as coeffs
dobldobl_dense_matrix_series_io  : basic output for double double matrix series
quaddobl_dense_series_matrices   : matrices of quad double power series
dobldobl_dense_matrix_series     : series with quaddobl matrices as coeffs
dobldobl_dense_matrix_series_io  : basic output for quad double matrix series
standard_linear_series_solvers   : lu factorization for standard linear systems
dobldobl_linear_series_solvers   : lu factorization for dobldobl linear systems
quaddobl_linear_series_solvers   : lu factorization for quaddobl linear systems
standard_least_squares_series    : standard qr decomposition and least squares
dobldobl_least_squares_series    : dobldobl qr decomposition and least squares
quaddobl_least_squares_series    : quaddobl qr decomposition and least squares
ts_sermat                        : test on matrices of dense power series
standard_matrix_series_solvers   : linearization to solve a system of series
dobldobl_matrix_series_solvers   : linearization in double double precision
quaddobl_matrix_series_solvers   : linearization in quad double precision
ts_serlin                        : test on matrix series solver
standard_interpolating_series    : interpolation for linear series systems
dobldobl_interpolating_series    : interpolating series with double doubles
quaddobl_interpolating_series    : interpolating series with quad doubles
random_matrix_series             : matrix series with random coefficients
ts_seritp                        : test interpolation on linear series systems
standard_echelon_forms           : echelon form for Hermite-Laurent systems
dobldobl_echelon_forms           : double double echelon Hermite-Laurent forms
quaddobl_echelon_forms           : quad double echelon Hermite-Laurent forms
ts_sersin                        : test solving of singular matrix series
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
standard_series_polynomials      : polynomials with series as coefficients
standard_series_poly_functions   : evaluating standard series polynomials
standard_series_poly_systems     : systems of standard series polynomials
standard_series_poly_sysfun      : evaluating systems of series polynomials
dobldobl_series_polynomials      : polynomials with series as coefficients
dobldobl_series_poly_functions   : evaluating dobldobl series polynomials
dobldobl_series_poly_systems     : systems of dobldobl series polynomials
dobldobl_series_poly_sysfun      : evaluating systems of series polynomials
quaddobl_series_polynomials      : polynomials with series as coefficients
quaddobl_series_poly_functions   : evaluating quaddobl series polynomials
quaddobl_series_poly_systems     : systems of quaddobl series polynomials
quaddobl_series_poly_sysfun      : evaluating systems of series polynomials
standard_series_jaco_matrices    : differentiating standard series systems
dobldobl_series_jaco_matrices    : differentiating dobldobl series systems
quaddobl_series_jaco_matrices    : differentiating quaddobl series systems
series_and_polynomials           : convertor functions
series_and_polynomials_io        : symbolic i/o of series
standard_polynomial_series       : series with polynomials for coefficients
dobldobl_polynomial_series       : double double precision polynomial series
quaddobl_polynomial_series       : quad double precision polynomial series
ts_serpol                        : test on series polynomials
ts_sersys                        : test systems of series polynomials
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
